Authentication API.
The first thing that we're going to need is a registry endpoint to register new users.
So.
To do that.
I'm going to add a post mapping recipes, post changes, states, create resources.
So I'm going to create a new resource.
I'm going to create a new user.
And the value of this will be a slush register.
I'm going to map this.
To a methods.
Called Register.
This method will return a user.
I want to return the user information that I created.
And I'm going to.
To use this notation request body.
So I'm telling spring framework know that this, uh, object that I'm putting here, which will also
be the object user, is a representation of my request.
Now use this and then I want to have access to my repository that I created.
So it private final.
User.
User rapport.
It's going to be called User Report.
Now I'm going to add this to the constructor because spring uses constructor injection.
To inject the controller.
What this means is that spring will detect that the repository exists.
There will be a bin with this user repository and spring will when generating the bin that announces
the request mapping, it will inject here the class that I need, the implementation that I need, and
on my registered method I'll return user repo.
Dot save.
We see here all the methods that are in the crude repository.
By default, just by sustaining it, we save the user that we receive.
Okay.
And this is it.
We can now leave or presentation mode.
We can.
We launched the application.
It runs.
And if I send my request, I have it here already.
A request?
First name, a last name, a email, a password.
I am not sending it because it is ended by a database.
If I send this, I get an error forbidden.
The reason for that?
He's on my spring security.
I need to disable.
See us.
RF Okay, well, we are going to use, uh.
JWT two for authentication or going to authentication with Jason a token we don't need um, cross-site
request forgery protection.
This is to be used when to use session cookies, for example, which is not what we are going to, to
use.
So we need to disable this because in this case is not allowing our application to.
Um, to authenticate.
And now if I relaunched my application.
If I send again my requests, it creates a user.
83/1 name, a last name, a email a at a dot com password.
B So my application is working.
I'm saving things on the base.
If I open my table now I see that I have a few users here, one that I just created and the others I
had created in in some attempts before.
Well, building the test cases.
So the application is working as we expect.
We can stop.
The application.
And as always, we can commit these changes.
We can view what we are changing.
So we can go meet step.
Six.
Register and point is always good to keep track of the iterations that we do when I work at Commit.